Allow request_exec with async I/O and more (#576)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/576.feature.rst

> Published call to request_exec and other low level API -- by :user:`pbrezina`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``request_exec()`` method was added to the ``Channel``
class. It exposes an interface for calling the respective
low-level C-API of the underlying ``libssh`` library
-- by :user:`pbrezina`.
```

> The following calls to libssh are now available: request_exec, send_eof, is_eof,
> request_send_signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the following calls to ``libssh`` are now
available in the same class: ``request_exec()``, ``send_eof()``, ``request_send_signal()`` and ``is_eof``
which is exposed as a :py:class:`property`.
```
